# Toilet Talk Backend

This project is the backend for the Toilet Talk web application.

## Project Setup

To setup the project for development, the following initializations are required.

### 1) A .env file must be created in the project's root directory.

This .env file will hold sensitive information such as the database URL and the public and private key files,
which contain the RSA public and private keys for signing JWTs.

After creating this file define the following variables: DB_URL, PUBLIC_KEY_FILE and PRIVATE_KEY_FILE.

DB_URL should be the url that will be used to access the database hosted by MongoDB. It should look like
"DB_URL=mongodb://HOSTNAME:PORT". If using a locally hosted MongoDB, then it would look like
"DB_URL=mongodb://localhost:27017".

The PUBLIC_KEY_FILE and PRIVATE_KEY_FILE files can be generated by running the project and typing the following lines
into the terminal:

'test keys'

'confirm keys'

Then simply add the path to these files as the values of PUBLIC_KEY_FILE and PRIVATE_KEY_FILE.

### 2) Set up a local MongoDB instance.

It would be a good idea to set up a local instance of MongoDB for testing.

Firstly, you have to download the MongoDB Community Server at https://www.mongodb.com/try/download/community
and then install.

After installing MongoDB, you may want to download MongoDB Compass to provide a GUI for MongoSH.
To do this, download the installer from https://www.mongodb.com/try/download/compass and then install.

To generate testing data, you can run this project and then use the test command to generate fake data.
To do this, type the following lines into the terminal:

'test data'

'confirm data'

Some testing data should have been generated. You can check this by opening the database in Compass or using MongoSH.